Release/v0.5.0 (#84)
iExecBlockchainComputing/web3mail-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.5.0]

### Changed

> - Gather requester secrets sent to the SMS (Secret Management Service) into one secret object

Reviewer: - add breaking flag
- I this "merge" is more accurate than "gather"

```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Updated internal implementation to work with web3mail dapp v0.6.0 (merged requester secrets into one secret object)
```
